The TFrame class is designed as a heirarchical transformation frame. The rendering engine walks through the frame, performing the appropriate transformation associated with it, then it calls the render methods of the tObjects. Two passes are made through the frame heirarchy. The first is for non-alpha objects, the second for alpha. The base frame is owned by a TSpace object. We render from the root up because we want to minimize setting transforms.


" ***** This is how you rotate an object using a quaternion ball. The base position is stored in the selectedPoint and compared with the pointer selectedPoint.
	pointer event2D shiftPressed ifTrue:[
		pointer frame: self pickSphere: Vector3 new radiusSquared: selectedRadiusSquared.
		spin _ self rotFromBallPoints: selectedPoint to: pointer selectedPoint.
		trans _ self translation.
		self translationX: 0.0 y:0.0 z:0.0.
		self localTransform: (self localTransform composeWith: spin).
		self translation: trans.
		]"
" ***** This is how you move an object relative to a specified plane. In this case, it is the plane determined by either the camera or the surface normal when the object is selected. 
	- cameraNorm defines the plane perpendicular to the line of sight of the camera
	- selectedNorm defines the norm of the selected surface of the object.
	- slab frontNorm forces a normal to the front of the slab (for example).
	ifFalse:[
	(pointer frame: self pickPlane: selectedPoint normal: cameraNorm) ifTrue:[
		delta _ selectedPoint - pointer selectedPoint.
		self translation: (self translation - (self orientation localPointToGlobal: delta)).
		^ true.].]."
	^ false.

objectName - a name that can be given to any TFrame by the programmer. This is used by mesh importers to set the corresponding node names.
objectID - a unique value generated by TObjectID. This is used as the default name of the TFrame when we register it with the Island.
objectOwner - this is the TFrame that "owns" this TFrame. In this case, ownership is which frame processes events that are sent to this frame.
ownedObjects - this is a dictionary of all of the objects that this TFrame is referenced by. It utilizes the TFrame objectID as the key.
localTransform - the 4x4 matrix transform of this frame relative to it's parent frame.
globalTransform - the transform relative to the global coordinates (the root).
globalPosition - the position of the frame in global coordinates. This is for faster access.
frameRoot - this is the root frame of the heirarchy, usually a TSpace. The root of a TSpace is self.
frameParent - the parent frame of this TFrame.
frameChildren - an OrderedCollection of children frames.
frameChanged - this flag is set when any change occurs to the transform (among other things). This forces a recalculation of the globalTransform.
visible - boolean flag indicating that this object is (or isn't) visible.
solid - boolean flag indicating that this object is solid, that is, can be picked and walked on.
oglid - a TObjectID used by the renderer to maintain a link between the TFrame and its display lists (if any).
currentUser - probably a bad idea ...
test - used for testing

#start/#stop are called when a TFrame is inserted into a hierarchy. They can be used to start and stop future messages.
DAS